add muino watermeter (#28840)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/energy/water.markdown

- [Slimme Watermeter Gateway](https://smartgateways.nl/product/slimme-watermeter-gateway/) (Dutch)
- [watermeterkit.nl](https://watermeterkit.nl/) (Dutch)

> Alternatively, the following shops sell ESPHome-based devices, that use a '3-phase' light sensor to detect a rotating disk in your water meter and converts this to Mili-Liters of water used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, the following shops sell ESPHome-based devices that use a 3-phase light sensor to detect a rotating disk in your water meter and convert this to the amount of water used in milliliters (ml).
```
